# Ride_Share_Analysis 
## Overview 
In this analysis we wanted to see some metrics regarding rides in three different city types. This time we found the total rides, drivers, and fares while also finding the fare per ride and driver. We then made a graph to depict the total fares in each city type between the month of Janurary and April. 
## Results 
In this analysis we see that Rural city types have the least amount of total riders, drivers, and fares but they lead in fare per ride and fare per driver. On the inverse Urban city types have the highest counts of riders, drivers, and fares but their fare per ride and driver are on the lower end. This is most likely due to the over-saturation of riders and drivers which will bring down the fare per rider and driver. We can also see that Suburban metrics pretty much sit inthe middle of both Rural and Urban. 
## Summary 
The first major disparity we see is the difference in totals between Rural and Urban city types. This is most likely due to the amount of riders and drivers in each of these city types which is why there is an inverse relationship with the per rider and driver metrics. Secondly, we could recruit more drivers in Rural city types which could potentially bring down per ride fares but raise ride totals. We should also look to decrease the amount of drivers in Urban areas since they seem to only have 1,625 total rides while Rural areas will have more total rides with fewer drivers. This will even out the fare per driver metric. Lastly, to bring up the total fares in Rural areas we should start advertising campaigns to get people to ride more by saying it will help out drivers make a more livable wage since these Rural communities are more likely to be close knit and try to help one another.
